Add GitHub as a sponsor (#1902)
theforeman/theforeman.org: sponsors.md

<div class="lead text-left"><a href="https://www.conova.com"><img src="/static/images/sponsors/conova.png" height="125px"/></a></div>
Thank you to conova, who provides servers for our continuous integration system.

### GitHub

<div class="lead text-left"><a href="https://github.com"><img src="/static/images/sponsors/github.png" height="125px"/></a></div>

> Thank you to GitHub, who upgrades our organization's plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to GitHub, who have provided a permanent free upgrade of our organization's plan.
```
